With nearly 80 years of experience making animated feature films, Disney has developed a reputation for making thoroughly enjoyable family fare, so saying they've created another such film isn’t anything particularly noteworthy. It’s what we’ve come to expect. While best known for its princess-led musicals, Disney animation has been on a roll of late with movies like the Academy Award-winning Big Hero 6 and the underrated Wreck-It Ralph. However, Zootopia isn’t simply another fun Disney animated movie. It’s one of the greatest animated movies the Disney company has ever produced.

In the world of Zootopia, all mammals have evolved into intelligent bipedal creatures. Judy Hopps (Ginnifer Goodwin) is a bunny who has always wanted to be a police officer. As this is a job normally held by large animals, nobody gives her much of a chance, but she successfully completes police academy training and is assigned to a precinct in the heart of Zootopia, the city where predator and prey animals live together in harmony.

At least it seems to be harmonic. The first crack in the veneer comes when Judy meets Nick Wilde (Jason Bateman), a fox who isn’t being served at the elephant ice cream counter because the elephants don't trust him. Her desire to make a difference for good leads Hopps to, well, jump to his aid. Of course, the joke is on Hopps when she discovers Wilde actually is a con artist. The two end up together again, however, as Wilde was one of the last citizens to see a missing person, er, otter, alive and the smarter-than-she-looks bunny hustles the hustler into helping her track him down.

What follows is a solid detective story/buddy cop movie with Disney flair. But it’s only after the case is closed that it becomes obvious what Zootopia is actually all about. While prey animals make up 90% of Zootopia’s population, they are, as prey animals, at a natural disadvantage against the predators. The results of Officer Hopps' investigation make the majority population fear the minority, giving Zootopia a deeper-than-anticipated social resonance.